50 of me and this town would be okay and
I do it all again don't do it man
I just want to be sure sober man I saw
it's cool don't need to put a bullet he
killed himself in a traffic accident no
one to blame let's roll
far out man you know I mean you beat the
system I tried for 30 years to cross
over but you managed it man I mean man
you're an icon man thanks man
I'm just glad it's finally over smoke
you know was some smoke he always saw
things a little different than those
smoke smoke was always on his own always
out for self that is the surest path to
hell man
well that ar-15 microdots in an ounce of
mescaline let's go get something to eat
see you around